[blog] add blog about DFlash and Spec V2 (#351)
lm-sys/lm-sys.github.io: blog/2026-06-15-next-generation-speculative-decoding-dflash-v2.md

Under V2 with these optimizations, performance improved by over 33%, from \~11.4 ktok/s to \~15.3 ktok/s, when running Qwen 3-8B on a single B200 at concurrency 32 ([details here](https://github.com/sgl-project/sglang/pull/23000)).

## High-performance DFlash draft models are available for a variety of models

Today, we're releasing a new DFlash draft model for Qwen 3.5 397B-A17B. It achieves higher throughput than the model's native MTP speculation in all of the settings we tested, from GSM8K to HumanEval to MT-Bench and for request concurrencies from 1 to 32.

<div style="text-align: center;">
  <img src="/images/blog/dflash-v2/dflash-perf-big-sweep.webp" style="width: 80%;"></img>
  <small>For benchmark details and to reproduce the numbers yourself, see <a href="https://huggingface.co/modal-labs/Qwen3.5-397B-A17B-DFlash/tree/main/benchmark">the Hugging Face repo</a>.</small>
</div>

You can find more high-quality drafters in Z Lab's [DFlash collection on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/collections/z-lab/dflash). And keep your eyes peeled for more models soon!

## Try DFlash in SGLang now

> Unlike posts from proprietary inference providers, you don’t have to just read this blog and feel FOMO. You can [read the code](https://github.com/sgl-project/sglang/pull/23000). You can deploy a DFlash-accelerated SGLang server [on Modal right now](https://modal.com/docs/examples/sglang_low_latency) and then start tinkering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don’t have to just read this blog and feel FOMO. You can [read the code](https://github.com/sgl-project/sglang/pull/23000). You can deploy a DFlash-accelerated SGLang server using the command shown at the start of this post — or spin one up on [Modal](https://modal.com/docs/examples/sglang_low_latency).
```
